Readme update to 1.2.0 (#35)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-custom-attributes: README.md

We use this plugin on https://community.mattermost.com to distinguish Mattermost core committers and staff.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13119842/58710612-b5c7b380-838a-11e9-9974-4487daf82da5.png)

# Version 1.20 (Latest)

## Installation

Install via Plugin Marketplace (Recommended)
 - Go to Main Menu > Plugin Marketplace in Mattermost
 - Search for "Custom Attribute" or manually find the plugin from the list and click **Install**
 - After the plugin has downloaded and been installed, click the **Configure** button
 - Set **Enable Plugin** to **True**, then click "Save" at the bottom of the screen
 - Proceed to Configure your Attribute rules
 
 ## Configuration
 
Before you start, Identify the attributes you want to display on a user's profile popover.  These can contain emojis. Some examples could be "Timezone:PST", "Development Team", "Executive Team Member", "Mentor", etc. then Identify the groups or particular usernames that should display those atrributes.  A spreadsheet can help to organize things.

> 1. Click "Add Custom Attribute" button, a text box will appear.  Add text and/or emojis to the field.  This text will be displayed on a user's profile.

Reviewer: The attribute text actually support markdown so it could also be a link. So maybe we can rephrase it to something like (only a suggestions, reword as needed) 
```suggestion
1. Click "Add Custom Attribute" button, a text box will appear.  Add the text that would appear in the user's profile popover. The text supports markdown and could include emojis and/or links, i.e. "[Integrations Team](https://developers.mattermost.com/internal/rd-teams/#integrations-team)"
```
